# The Isle: Evrima Cheatsheet

This "cheat sheet" is intended to provide the most important data you might need to look up while playing.

It is not intended to provide you with all information about each dinosaur, nor general tutorials for the game.
For that purpose, try heading over to <a href="https://www.evrimaquickguide.com/">evrimaquickguide.com</a>.

## Running locally

Most browsers block reading local files directly from <code>file://</code>. If the table is empty, run a small
static server:
<pre><code>python3 -m http.server 5500</code></pre>
then open <a href="http://localhost:5500">http://localhost:5500</a>.

## Note on mutations

The mutation recommendations are _very much_ a work in progress feature. I just directly copied my own notes here,
I have neither cleaned them up yet nor made sure that all mutation names are used consistently and with their
full names.

Nonetheless, I believe some rudimentary tips are better than none, and I will likely improve these suggestions
over time.

## Contributing

If you spot anything that's incorrect, feel free to create an issue or pull request, though I can't guarantee
how fast I will react to it.

Most values were measured by myself on a locally hosted server where I have admin (i.e. grow) rights.

Note: while I am a programmer by trade and have done some rudimentary web development in the past,
I'm very much not accustomed to it. As such, large parts of the HTML/CSS/JS code were generated by or at least
with help from ChatGPT. That means the code is probably a** in terms of readability (or at least that's what
it seems like to me, but I have never found web code to be particularly readable anyway).<br>
However, I really just care about the end result here. If the code bothers you, feel free to contribute ;)